intro-to-python-oop/intro-to-python-i/day-1/README.md, before:

# Intro to Python I - Day 1

## Why learn a new language?

- We need to do it on our job
- Languages all have different strengths
- Keep learning how to learn

## Why learn Python?

- Easy to learn
- Popular
- Very readable
- Easier than C, but more low-level than JS

## How do we learn a new language?

- Read the docs
- Reps, build toy programs
- Redbuild things you've previously built

## Variables

- No defined variable type
- Dynamic typing
- Use snake_case for variable names

## Lists

- Like arrays
- Use a for-in loop or use the range library

## Tuples

- Immutable
- Need trailing commas for tuples with one item

## Dictionaries

- Like javascript objects
- Must use strings for key names
- Must use bracket notation

## Functions

- Use def to declare functions
- Lists and dictionaries are passed by reference, meaning if you mutate them inside the function you also mutate the original array/dict.

## Links

- Links
  - [Python main site](https://www.python.org/)
  - [Python official docs](https://docs.python.org/3/)
  - [Python-to-JS cheatsheet](https://github.com/LambdaSchool/CS-Wiki/wiki/Javascript-Python-cheatsheet)
  - [Python tutorials with interactive examples](https://www.learnpython.org/en/)
  - [XKCD: Python (2007)](https://xkcd.com/353/)
  - [XKCD: Python Environment (2018)](https://xkcd.com/1987/)

Commit message:

Update notes with pipenv info

intro-to-python-oop/intro-to-python-i/day-1/README.md, after:

# Intro to Python I - Day 1

## Why learn a new language?

- We need to do it on our job
- Languages all have different strengths
- Keep learning how to learn

## Why learn Python?

- Easy to learn
- Popular
- Very readable
- Easier than C, but more low-level than JS

## How do we learn a new language?

- Read the docs
- Reps, build toy programs
- Redbuild things you've previously built

## Variables

- No defined variable type
- Dynamic typing
- Use snake_case for variable names

## Lists

- Like arrays
- Use a for-in loop or use the range library

## Tuples

- Immutable
- Need trailing commas for tuples with one item

## Dictionaries

- Like javascript objects
- Must use strings for key names
- Must use bracket notation

## Functions

- Use def to declare functions
- Lists and dictionaries are passed by reference, meaning if you mutate them inside the function you also mutate the original array/dict.

# pipenv

- Normalizes the version of python being used while in the virtual environment.
- Not required unless you're using a module outside of the standard library.

## Links

- Links
  - [Python main site](https://www.python.org/)
  - [Python official docs](https://docs.python.org/3/)
  - [Python-to-JS cheatsheet](https://github.com/LambdaSchool/CS-Wiki/wiki/Javascript-Python-cheatsheet)
  - [Python tutorials with interactive examples](https://www.learnpython.org/en/)
  - [XKCD: Python (2007)](https://xkcd.com/353/)
  - [XKCD: Python Environment (2018)](https://xkcd.com/1987/)
